# 🥽 Go Experiments

This is a repository to keep all of my Go experiments in one place. Especially when working through tutorials, the project can feel easy to discard yet often contains useful scaffolding or re-usable functions for later projects. 

> Feel free to clone, fork, or even contribute if you wish!

## Bresenham's Line Algorithm Implemented in Go

An implementation of Bresenham's line algorithm written in go, based on the example described in the [Wikipedia Entry](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bresenham%27s_line_algorithm).

In addition to the core line drawing functionality, this package also includes:
- Methods for creating 2D and 3D coordinates in `primitives.go`
- A method for transforming 3D coordinates into 2D (barely) in `primitives.go`
- A method for creating polygons in `polygon.go`
- Support for rendering polygons to the terminal using [termbox-go](https://github.com/nsf/termbox-go)
- A method for loading `.obj` 3D model files into a Polygon (see example below)

Also provided is a method for loading a `.obj` 3d model file into a Polygon - an example of which is described below.

### Examples

To run the example, clone the directory and run `go mod tidy`, and then `go run .`. This will run the example in `main.go` using termbox. This will render the 3d model of a rock in your terminal.

### Improvements

Feel free to contribute if you would like to take a shot at improving upon, or adding to this little experiment.

Some Ideas:
- Improve the 3d -> 2d co-ordinate function
- Add support for different color models and color gradients to the rendered polygons
- Look at memory handling to print more complex models
- Add support for more advanced 3D file formats, such as STL or PLY\
- Expand to include circles or ellipses with Bresenham's Algorithm

## MIDI Experiments

Basic MIDI I/O in Golang using [GoMidi](https://gitlab.com/gomidi/midi/v2). Parts extractable for re-use in other sound-based applications.

## OpenGL Experiments

Experimenting further with graphics / rendering on a low level. Using [Go-GL](https://github.com/go-gl/) and lots of referencing Wikipedia and old websites documenting 2d / 3d game development principles. 

## Random Book

I have a long reading list and struggle to choose what to read next. This is a simple random book selector, inspired by [this mob pairing randomizer](https://github.com/sneakybeaky/vercel_mobbing).

## Record Audio Parts (🚧 WIP)

Beginnings of an idea I had around a transcription program, which could be used to record talks, lectures, etc. 

The idea is roughly as follows: 
- start recording
  - record 30s audio chunks
  - pass them into [OpenAI Whisper]() to extract transcriptions
  - clean up transcriptions with the help of GPT-3 (maybe?)
- end recording
  - join audio files into one recording
  - join subtitles generated by whisper
  - store audio + subtitles together for re-watching

## Two Shell Scraper (🚧 WIP)

Scraping fun secrets from [shell.tech](shell.tech) ;)
